ton_addr item reply updated (#12)
ton-connect/docs: requests-responses.md

  name: "ton_addr";
  address: string; // TON address raw (`0:<hex>`)
  network: NETWORK; // network global_id

>   walletContractStateInit: string; // Base64 (not url safe) encoded state init

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  walletStateInit: string; // Base64 (not url safe) encoded stateinit cell for the wallet contract
```
